Rewrite docs to talk about composite databases instead of fabric (#1604)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/functions/query-functions-graph.adoc

[[query-functions-graph]]

> = Graph functions

Reviewer: Maybe this page would look better if it was a table with all the specifications instead of plain text? Thinking about how cypherManual/asciidoc/access-control/dbms-administration.adoc looks like, for instance. 

I can do that if you prefer.

Author: I tried to make it the same as the generated pages for the other function groups - I guess I didn't succeed :smile: 

Yeah please apply whatever formatting you think is best :+1:

[abstract]
--
Graph functions provide information about the constituent graphs in <<operations-manual#composite-databases-introduction, composite databases>>.
--

Functions:

* <<functions-graph-names,graph.names()>>
* <<functions-graph-byname,graph.byName()>>

[[functions-graph-names]]
== graph.names()

> `graph.names()` returns a list containing the names of all graphs in the current composite database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`graph.names()` returns a list containing the names of all graphs on the current composite database.
```

*Syntax:* `graph.names()`

*Returns:*
|===
|

> A list containing String elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list containing `String` elements.
```

|===

*Considerations:*
|===
|`graph.names()` is only supported on <<operations-manual#composite-databases-introduction, composite databases>>.
|===

.Query
[source, cypher]
----
RETURN graph.names()
----

> a list containing the names of all graphs in the current composite database is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list containing the names of all graphs on the current composite database.
```

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===
| +graph.names()+
| +["composite.first", "composite.second", "composite.third"]+
1+d|Rows: 1
|===

[[functions-graph-byname]]
== graph.byName()

`graph.byName()` resolves a constituent graph by name.

*Syntax:* `USE graph.byName(graphName)`

*Considerations:*
|===

> |`graph.byName()` is only supported in the <<query-use,`USE` clause>>, on <<operations-manual#composite-databases-introduction, composite databases>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`graph.byName()` is only supported in the <<query-use,`USE` clause>>, on <<operations-manual#composite-databases-introduction, composite databases>>.
```

Graph functions provide information about the constituent graphs in <<operations-manual#composite-databases-introduction, composite databases>>.
--

.Graph functions

> [options="header", width="100%", cols="1,3a,1a,1"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[options="header", width="100%", cols="2,2a,2a,2"]
```

With these values the table looks better formatted
